Update update-compliance-privacy.md (#9541)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/update-compliance-privacy.md

- **Security:** Your data is protected with strong security and encryption.
- **Trust:** Update Compliance supports the Online Services Terms.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Update Compliance is a Windows service hosted in Azure global that uses Windows diagnostic data. You shoudl be aware that Update Compliance does not meet [US Government community compliance (GCC)](/office365/servicedescriptions/office-365-platform-service-description/office-365-us-government/gcc#us-government-community-compliance) requirements. For a list of GCC offerings for Microsoft products and services see the [Microsoft Trust Center](/compliance/regulatory/offering-home). Update Compliance is available in the Azure Commercial cloud, but not available for GCC High or US Department of Defense customers. 

Reviewer: Typo.
```suggestion
> Update Compliance is a Windows service hosted in Azure that uses Windows diagnostic data. You should be aware that Update Compliance does not meet [US Government community compliance (GCC)](/office365/servicedescriptions/office-365-platform-service-description/office-365-us-government/gcc#us-government-community-compliance) requirements. For a list of GCC offerings for Microsoft products and services see the [Microsoft Trust Center](/compliance/regulatory/offering-home). Update Compliance is available in the Azure Commercial cloud, but not available for GCC High or US Department of Defense customers. 
```
Also, applying @jaimeo's suggestion about Azure, but keeping "hosted" since "used" is present right after.

Reviewer 2: We need confirmation from vpaulreed about whether "Azure" is an accurate substitute for "Azure global."
